health insurance premiums have seen a
very impressive
growth in the past uh six months uh
clearly pandemic has got people to buy
health insurance there is traction
in health insurance um i would like each
one of you to sort of
take us through the trends that are
emerging in terms of what kind of
products are people
are they buying
what kind of covers are they buying what
is the sum in short is it the regular
two
three lag or they're going for five ten
what's the demography so if you could
just sort of take us through the trends
and i'm gonna start with sanjay
uh yeah yeah yeah you know the awareness
uh
has actually gone through the roof in
the sense that
uh you know the age groups you know we
have two types of when you are in
the underpenetrated market you have two
types of
population the population who really
feels the need to you know
you know take health insurance typically
they are at an older
kind of uh age and you know most
probably they
would be you know seeing the effects of
uh you know uh
health risk and in terms of either their
own or you know
someone in their family but the the
other larger population
do not believe in you know the fact that
you know they will be struck with
certain things at a very early stage and
they're pretty much
someone who don't plan for their health
and so that's the segment we just got
changed you know the segment
which did not believe in the morbidity
risk or health risk
in a big way i have started
understanding this is something
which is uh you know it can hit them
fast the other important
i think awareness is how fast it is
spread and
that it can affect each one of us
personally you know
never happened before in infectious
diseases we've seen cases where somebody
had an infectious disease or even a
any other kind of disease you know you
would tend to believe that
it would not you know come and hit me
you know in the family very very soon so
this this particular
consciousness has kind of changed
you know the thought process you know we
use insurers of course
in that sense have uh really got this
trend and i think
uh you know both for us as a company and
the industry
each one of us have looked at uh you
know the particular
you know the need for upscaling our
products and distribution
the regulators looked at it in various
ways and the most important thing is
that you know uh kind of
you know gotten our arm around the fact
that
yeah the pandemic is an issue which uh
we need to
make sure that we give full coverage for
our insurance and also
at the same time you know scale up
government which is not something which
you easily
do in other products so we normally
don't sell you know blood insurance in
the area
affected by blood or you know fire
insurance building which is getting
affected by
uh you know fire so to that extent we've
been opposite we have
gone out and you know made a place that
you know we are here to
take care of the pandemic in some ways
provide relief to people
who have do not have insurance or who
have insurance but to you know
big big changes you know it can take
insurance for a short term also or even
though it's a long term use the
underlying risk is a long time risk
i like travel which is a short term
underlying this this is a long term risk
and you know
still you know we've said that for
certain periods people just want to diet
over it
make products available the regulator
has also
forced all of us to come out and
launch products which would you know
suit this trend